Stamp Updates:
======================

My own OpenGL Project based off of Tom Dalling's tutorials. 

Updates:

Feb 8, 2013: I've finished the first tutorial and have more or less understood 
how it works. It currently only shows a black screen with a white triangle in 
the middle. Will start on Tutorial 2 (adding a textures.)

Feb 10, 2013: I've finished the second and third tutorial. Its pretty cool. I 
was able to make 3D stuff and apply textures. I was able to rotate the cube on 
its axis and was able to translate the cube to different places. Next, I'll be 
adding the camera class with fourth tutorial. Also be adding input from the 
keyboard and mouse.

Feb 12, 2013: I've finished implemented the camera class. I'm doing so much 
cool shit now. Learning! Will be implementing the player input that plays with 
the camera movement soon. 

June 6, 2013: After a long hiatus, I'm starting on this again. School had 
gotten in the way (main reason), but I had also gotten lazy. 

June 23, 2013: I've finally gotten off my lazy ass and did something today. I 
made it say "HI". Implemented Assets and instances. "One small step for me, is 
an extremely tiny step for alot of people." - Christian

June 27, 2013: It's now an entity system. It also compiles and runs! I'm so 
freaking happy. I'm making progress. PROGRESS, I SAY! Next up: Add lighting! 
and then some new shaders! Woooooooot!

July 3, 2013: I've managed to add some lighting now. I've also figured out how 
to install and link to Assimp libraries. I next have to figure out how to use 
assimp to load files into assets. 

July 26, 2013: I'm doing some refactoring that uses the Assimp library to load 
meshes from files. It's currently very broken. There are tons of stuff to do. 
Why the shit am I so freakin lazy.

========================
Things to Remember:
========================

- Algorithms are generated by the AI Manager when the state of the AI changes. 
The Algorithm class is therefore a decorator class so it's quick and clean to
continue adding algorithms that the component should run.

- The components are created using a ComponentFactory class which can be 
accesed only by the managers.

